Where does big data come from?
The first thing I would like to
say before talking about big data
is that it is not new.
Most of the big data sources existed
before, but the scale we use and
apply them today has changed.
Just look at this image of open
link data on the Internet.
I thought this image was so cool.
It shows not only there are so
many sources of data, but
they're also connected.
If you want to check it out yourself,
we'll give you the link
at the end of this video.
Big data is often boiled down to a few
varieties of data generated by machines,
people, and organizations.
With machine generated data we refer to
data generated from real time sensors in
industrial machinery or vehicles that
logs that track user behavior online,
environmental sensors or
personal health trackers, and
many other sense data resources.
The Large Hadron Collider
generates 40 terabytes of data
every second during experiments.
But human generated data, we refer to
the vast amount of social media data,
status updates, tweets,
photos, and medias.
With organizational generated data we
refer to more traditional types of data,
including transaction
information in databases and
structured data open
stored in data warehouses.
Note that big data can be either
structured, semi-structured, or
unstructured, which is a topic we will
talk about more later in this course.
In most business use cases, any single
source of data on its own is not useful.
Real value often comes from combining
these streams of big data sources
with each other and
analyzing them to generate new insights,
which then goes back into
being big data themselves.
Once you have such insights,
it then enables what we call data
enabled decisions and actions.
Let's now look into these different
types of big data in more detail.